OSDOCS-4799: Configure OVNH post-install (#61108)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-hybrid-ovnkubernetes.adoc

// * installing/installing_azure_stack_hub/installing-azure-stack-hub-network-customizations.adoc
// * networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configuring-hybrid-networking.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "configuring-hybrid-networking"]
:post-install:
endif::[]

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-hybrid-ovnkubernetes_{context}"]
= Configuring hybrid networking with OVN-Kubernetes

> You can configure your cluster to use hybrid networking with the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin. This allows a hybrid cluster that supports different node networking configurations. For example, this is necessary to run both Linux and Windows nodes in a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your cluster to use hybrid networking with the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin. This allows a hybrid cluster that supports different node networking configurations. 

[NOTE]
====
This configuration is necessary to run both Linux and Windows nodes in the same cluster.
====
```
